add isVisible explainer/review (#216)
WICG/display-locking: privacy-assessments/isvisible.md

# Element.isVisible Privacy and Security Self-Review.

* What information might this feature expose to Web sites or other parties, and for what purposes is that exposure necessary?

For the most part, this function exposes information that is already available
to the page, and is retrievable by other means. The exception to this case is
getting the value from a closed shadow tree. Specifically, if a light DOM
element is not visible because of the structure of a closed shadow tree, this
function would be able to return the correct result, but this result is not
easily retrieved by other means.

It is being exposed, because it is difficult to efficiently and correctly

> compute this value. The function ss provided as a useful convenience. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compute this value. The function is provided as a useful and efficient convenience. 
```
